## Problem Statement
You have been given a dataset of customer orders from an online store. The data is in a
CSV file `orders.csv` with the following columns:
- order_id: unique identifier for each order
- customer_id: unique identifier for each customer
- order_date: date when the order was placed
- product_id: unique identifier for each product
- product_name: name of the product
- product_price: price of the product
- quantity: quantity of the product ordered

Task is to write a Python program that reads the data from the CSV file and performs
the following tasks:
- Compute the total revenue generated by the online store for each month in the
dataset.
- Compute the total revenue generated by each product in the dataset.
- Compute the total revenue generated by each customer in the dataset.
- Identify the top 10 customers by revenue generated.
=========================================================================================

## Solution Instruction:

Follow below steps to get the expected output:
> Note: Assuming already python and pip available in the server
- Install pandas package using pip command:
   ```
   pip install pandas
   ```
- clone or get the task.py into your server.
- Kindly place the orders.cvs file in the server with proper deatils.
- run below command get the expected out.
   ```
   python task.py -f <path and file name of the csv file>
   ```
   ```
   Ex: python task.py -f orders.csv
   ```
- Expected output:
   ```
    D:\task>python task.py -f orders.csv
    revenue_by_each_month:  {'jan': 4750, 'mar': 1000}
    revenue_by_each_product:  {'prod_name1': 2000, 'prod_name2': 1500, 'prod_name3': 2250}
    revenue_by_each_customer:  {'cus_1': 4250, 'cus_2': 500, 'cus_3': 1000}
    Top 10 customers:
    4250  :  cus_1
    1000  :  cus_3
    500  :  cus_2
    500  :  cus4
    400  :  cus5
    300  :  cus6
    250  :  cus7
    200  :  cus8
    150  :  cus9
    100  :  cus10
   ```
   
> Note: If you don't have python in local and want to execute with Docker, Kindly follow below steps

- clone or get the task.py and Dockerfile into your server.
- Kindly place the orders.cvs file in the server with proper deatils.
- run below command generate docker image.
```
dcoker build --build-arg file=orders.csv -t revenueimage -f Dockerfile .
```
Here --build-arg is to accept the input file name. to copy inside docker image.
Above step will create image.
- Run below command to get the out put.
```
docker run --rm --name revenuetask revenueimage
```
This will print the expected output

> Note: CSV file we are assuming order_date in dd-mm-yyyy format
